Our territory
You go the devil way
You and I are outliers in the eyes of the world
It's a necessary evil.
I don't understand.
What are you trying to do to protect you stinky man?
My little husband and I are in love with this life
If he marries a wife, he must marry me
If I marry someone, I must marry him
If you want to hurt him
I will never agree
Hahahahahaha
He belongs to
Sucked his essence
Better than ten years of practice
Even if I let him go
There will also be other wild ghosts that will kill him
As long as I can breathe
I will never allow anyone to hurt him
Then I'll put out your half-year road first
Fortunately, Song Men and your little husband are hidden and reunited
Roman thought it would hit the motor
That shout should be around here somewhere
Rich wake up wake up